back again with another training
commentary thank you guys for the mostly
positive response on that chalk talk
podcast that i reuploaded i hope you
guys had a chance to check out jaron and
Adrian's channels and Jeff Pearson over
there too big strong guy who was sitting
next to each other in a lot of the whole
time it was really great seeing those
guys and really glad that we had an
opportunity to kind of give them a
little bit more exposure some really
strong smart lifters with just who are
great guys and deserve a little bit more
recognition I think for the work that
they're doing for the community I it was
feeling quite a bit better this week
mentally I'll say physically things are
moving back in the right direction a
body weight is slowly starting to come
back to be completely honest I was just
under eating the week before even when
Lane and I up to my my carbs and my fat
back up I was just having so many other
issues going on that I wasn't even
getting enough food in and so going from
having a lower macro account and having
my metabolisms feet up and dropping
weight pretty quickly and then trying to
add the way back on and just not eating
enough to do that I think those are some
pretty big factors combined with the
move and just different life stresses
and everything and I'm still not where I
would like to be going into this meat
i'm still not if the place where looking
back you know 20 weeks ago when I was
prepping myself for this that I would
say oh that's exactly where I need to be
to get the goals that I have but I think
I'm in a better place mentally as far as
you know just kind of accepting the idea
that you're going to give your absolute
best from here on out and do what you
can on the day the meat and have no
regrets moving forward because you can't
change what has happened all you can do
is affect the now and try to plan for
the future to the best of your ability
and I actually want to talk a little bit
about
one of the temptations that I've been
going through in this in the last couple
of weeks really really badly and that's
trying to look past the me and my next
training block and my buddy is he from
powerlifting the win released a video
last week or early this week where he
discussed the idea of why people tend to
not achieve their goals and I'll link
the video in the descriptions you can
watch it yourself but the take-home
point that he was really using in that
video was the idea that people spread
themselves too thin and focus on trying
to change too many things at once you
have a limited amount of willpower and
you're you know at your disposal and if
you use most of that on one goal you
have a hard time getting another one
worked on and to make real change and
have it be a positive effect towards
what you're doing you have to kind of
bring your focus in a little bit more on
just one or two smaller things and you
know put time into those two to make it
be effective or else you just spread
yourself too thin you can't really end
up improving you end up failing and
that's something that I need to do for
this I need to make sure that I'm
focusing on this meat and not spreading
myself out too much and letting my focus
get past it I have to bring everything
in and say all right this is what
matters right now you can figure out the
rest of it but one of my one of my worst
habits when it comes to when it comes
close to me time is to start to look
past that performance and start to look
at all the things that I want to fix or
improve and you really just have to work
with the time you have for those for
those moments and say that what will
come afterwards is something that yeah I
can play a little bit now but I cannot
put my focus past the here and now I
have to stay the course at least until
this is through and then I can readjust
some things then I can go back and fix
the the plethora of things that
work on so that's kind of where I'm at
right now fighting to stay in the moment
and and kind of along with with the
plans that I've made and trying to get
through i will say these last two
sessions have been really a lot better
much improved this the first time
handling 700 plus on my bed since april
seconds so it's been a while since i've
messed with this weight since the weight
swing has kind of come and gone since
that funky random week of preparation
that i did for that last meet and just
didn't come away with anything so this
is not the fastest pool but uh hitting
the 650 545 much improved from last week
as far as the proficiency of the poles
and kind of the technique and just the
cleanliness of those those poles was a
lot better and I think that may not have
been the fastest 705 probably one of the
slowest that I've ever done but it
actually was one of the most technically
consistent throughout I didn't really
have any breakdowns and positions it was
slow but it moved in its state where it
needed to the whole time so that's a
good sign going forward going on my
peaking phase next week basically what I
did this week is just kind of repeated
last week and tried to make it better so
benching is is improving the body but
coming up I think a big factor that I
was really dealing with was adjusting to
the bench height and it's the same bench
that I was using before but when I was
back at the other garage I had 25 under
the bench and I knew that that was a
factor but it really changed the way
that i can bring light drive in without
lifting my butt so my butt looks like
it's moving for most of these reps the
cheeks are staying on but there's a
couple of them more I get a little crazy
like that right there probably lifted a
bit but that is something that the
perspective of understanding that oh
that's one of the reasons that my leg
Drive is not working quite as much you
know it's another factor when it comes
to the bench also fixed a couple of
rehab things that I've been doing some
more focused mobility work and trying to
fix my sleeping schedule so I've got a
lot of things to fix going into this
meat and the main takeaway from this
week is you still have to focus on the
current goal that you're working on you
can't look too far past it or else
you won't be able to fulfill you won't
be able to put your best effort in what
you need to also worked a little bit
with some hook grip you guys saw that
that was just to save my calluses
because I really still don't want to
ever use straps it just bugs the heck
out of me to ever really have to do that
but there is a time in a place for them
especially training on that Texas
deadlift bar that has such aggressive
knurling but that is a commentary for
another time in place so I hope you guys
are all doing well thanks again for the
continued support and your patience I
know that I'm going through some really
weird stuff right now as far as upload
frequency in kind of the content that
I'm putting out I really appreciate you
guys for hanging in there and you know
kind of time to kind of going through
this time with me on that it's really
important to me to have such an awesome
support system so thank you all for
being who you are and I will talk to you
all hopefully pretty soon got two more
sessions this week and then we're into
the peaking face so wahoo have a great
day bye